[skip ci] Update README to reflect current versioning model (#1022)
rancher/rancher-docs: README.md

Our repository doesn't allow you to make changes directly to the `main` branch. Create a working branch and make pull requests from your fork to [rancher/rancher-docs](https://github.com/rancher/rancher-docs).

For most updates, you'll need to edit a file in the `/docs` directory, which represents the ["Latest"](https://ranchermanager.docs.rancher.com/) version of our published documentation. The "Latest" version is a mirror of the most recently released version of Rancher. As of December 2023, the most recently released version of Rancher is 2.8.

Whenever an update is made to `/docs`, you should apply the same change to the corresponding file in `/versioned_docs/version-2.8`. If a change only affects older versions, you don't need to mirror it to the `/docs` directory.

> If a file is moved or renamed, you'll also need to edit the `sidebars.js` files for each version, and the list of redirects in `docusaurus.config.js`. See [Moving or Renaming Docs](./moving-or-renaming-docs.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a file is moved or renamed, you'll also need to edit the `sidebars.js` files for each affected version, as well as the list of redirects in `docusaurus.config.js`. See [Moving or Renaming Docs](./moving-or-renaming-docs.md).
```
